Introducing `google_sql_tiers` data source (#7801)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/d/sql_tiers.html.markdown

# google\_sql\_tiers

> Get all available machine types (tiers) for given project, for example, db-custom-1-3840. For more information see the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Get all available machine types (tiers) for a project, for example, db-custom-1-3840. For more information see the
```

The following arguments are supported:

> * `project` - (Optional) Project ID of the project for which to list tiers. If `project` is not provided, the provider project is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `project` - (Optional) The Project ID for which to list tiers. If `project` is not provided, the project defined within the default provider configuration is used.
```
